---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "identitynow_access_profile Data Source - identitynow"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Access Profile Data Source
---

# identitynow_access_profile (Data Source)

Access Profile Data Source

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example Access Profile data source
data "identitynow_access_profile" "access_profile" {
  id = "6c9180847817ac4f0178221df4391f75"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the Access Profile
- `name` (String) Name of the Access Profile

### Read-Only

- `access_request_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_request_config))
- `created` (String) Date the Access Profile was created
- `description` (String) Information about the Access Profile
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the Access Profile is enabled. If the Access Profile is enabled then you must include at least one Entitlement.
- `entitlements` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entitlements))
- `owner` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))
- `provisioning_criteria` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provisioning_criteria))
- `requestable` (Boolean) Whether the Access Profile is requestable via access request. Currently, making an Access Profile non-requestable is only supported for customers enabled with the new Request Center. Otherwise, attempting to create an Access Profile with a value **false** in this field results in a 400 error.
- `revocation_request_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--revocation_request_config))
- `source` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))

<a id="nestedatt--access_request_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_request_config`

Read-Only:

- `approval_schemes` (Attributes List) List describing the steps in approving the request (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_request_config--approval_schemes))
- `comments_required` (Boolean) Whether the requester of the containing object must provide comments justifying the request
- `denial_comments_required` (Boolean) Whether an approver must provide comments when denying the request

<a id="nestedatt--access_request_config--approval_schemes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_request_config.approval_schemes`

Read-Only:

- `approver_id` (String) Id of the specific approver, used only when approverType is GOVERNANCE_GROUP
- `approver_type` (String) Describes the individual or group that is responsible for an approval step. Values are as follows. **APP_OWNER**: The owner of the Application **OWNER**: Owner of the associated Access Profile or Role **SOURCE_OWNER**: Owner of the Source associated with an Access Profile **MANAGER**: Manager of the Identity making the request **GOVERNANCE_GROUP**: A Governance Group, the ID of which is specified by the **approverId** field



<a id="nestedatt--entitlements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entitlements`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the Entitlement
- `type` (String) The type of the Entitlement, will always be ENTITLEMENT


<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identity id
- `name` (String) Human-readable display name of the owner. It may be left null or omitted in a POST or PATCH. If set, it must match the current value of the owner's display name, otherwise a 400 Bad Request error will result.
- `type` (String) The type of the owner, will always be `IDENTITY`


<a id="nestedatt--provisioning_criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioning_criteria`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String) Name of the Account attribute to be tested. If **operation** is one of `EQUALS`, `NOT_EQUALS`, `CONTAINS`, or `HAS`, this field is required. Otherwise, specifying it is an error.
- `children` (Attributes List) Array of child criteria. Required if the operation is AND or OR, otherwise it must be left null. A maximum of three levels of criteria are supported, including leaf nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provisioning_criteria--children))
- `operation` (String) Supported operations on ProvisioningCriteria
- `value` (String) String value to test the Account attribute with regard to the specified operation. If the operation is one of `EQUALS`, `NOT_EQUALS`, or `CONTAINS`, this field is required. Otherwise, specifying it is an error. If the Attribute is not String-typed, it will be converted to the appropriate type.

<a id="nestedatt--provisioning_criteria--children"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioning_criteria.children`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String) Name of the Account attribute to be tested. If **operation** is one of `EQUALS`, `NOT_EQUALS`, `CONTAINS`, or `HAS`, this field is required. Otherwise, specifying it is an error.
- `children` (Attributes List) Array of child criteria. Required if the operation is AND or OR, otherwise it must be left null. A maximum of three levels of criteria are supported, including leaf nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provisioning_criteria--children--children))
- `operation` (String) Supported operations on ProvisioningCriteria
- `value` (String) String value to test the Account attribute with regard to the specified operation. If the operation is one of `EQUALS`, `NOT_EQUALS`, or `CONTAINS`, this field is required. Otherwise, specifying it is an error. If the Attribute is not String-typed, it will be converted to the appropriate type.

<a id="nestedatt--provisioning_criteria--children--children"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provisioning_criteria.children.children`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String) Name of the Account attribute to be tested. If **operation** is one of `EQUALS`, `NOT_EQUALS`, `CONTAINS`, or `HAS`, this field is required. Otherwise, specifying it is an error.
- `operation` (String) Supported operations on ProvisioningCriteria
- `value` (String) String value to test the Account attribute with regard to the specified operation. If the operation is one of `EQUALS`, `NOT_EQUALS`, or `CONTAINS`, this field is required. Otherwise, specifying it is an error. If the Attribute is not String-typed, it will be converted to the appropriate type.




<a id="nestedatt--revocation_request_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `revocation_request_config`

Read-Only:

- `approval_schemes` (Attributes List) List describing the steps in approving the revocation request (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--revocation_request_config--approval_schemes))

<a id="nestedatt--revocation_request_config--approval_schemes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `revocation_request_config.approval_schemes`

Read-Only:

- `approver_id` (String) Id of the specific approver, used only when approverType is GOVERNANCE_GROUP
- `approver_type` (String) Describes the individual or group that is responsible for an approval step. Values are as follows. **APP_OWNER**: The owner of the Application **OWNER**: Owner of the associated Access Profile or Role **SOURCE_OWNER**: Owner of the Source associated with an Access Profile **MANAGER**: Manager of the Identity making the request **GOVERNANCE_GROUP**: A Governance Group, the ID of which is specified by the **approverId** field



<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the Source with with which the Access Profile is associated
- `name` (String) The display name of the associated Source
- `type` (String) The type of the Source, will always be SOURCE
